docs: Improve snap install docs (#984)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/snap/howto/install/multipass.md

# Install with Multipass (Ubuntu/macOS/Windows)

> [Multipass] provides an easy way to run Ubuntu in a virtual machine, regardless of your underlying operating system. It is the recommended way to run {{product}} on

Reviewer: fix linter before merge

# Install with Multipass (Ubuntu/macOS/Windows)

> [Multipass] is a simple way to run Ubuntu in a virtual machine, no matter
> what your underlying OS. It is the recommended way to run {{product}} on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Multipass] provides an easy way to run Ubuntu in a virtual machine, regardless of your underlying operating system. It is the recommended way to run {{product}} on
```

And it can be permanently removed with:

```

> multipass delete k8s-node -p

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multipass delete k8s-node --purge
```

for clarity?
